How to add a new command to interet with the OLT

Steps:
1. Choose command to add from the oltConstants.cnf
  (TODO I must create a way to add new commands presents in resource file but not in regular file)
2. In OLTConstant class must be the function to retrieve the command text.
   The command name (the "left" part of the command, next to "COMMAND:" text) is the key
   to access to it through the mapping.
   Beware if it uses some kind of parámeters (enclosed by { }) as you'll need to parse it.
3. Add a class with this issues:
   a) Shall inherit from OLTCommandReply. For now, it is not imperative, but very advisable because
	  this base class gives you some usefull functions and could be used in future for polymorphic-class uses.
   b) MUST be in the OLTCommands namespace.
	  As this classes uses names that FOR SURE will be used in other places with diferent behaviour
	  is better to eclose it with the namespace.
   For now, left it completly empty.
4. Add in OLTCommands class the function that will send the command to the OLT
   Obviously, this function shall match the OLTConstant function parameters.
5. Add in OLTCommands class the signal function that will send the OLT reply class just created.
   Remember to include the reply class header file.
6. In the OLTCommands onCommandReceived function add the code to catch the new label to
   emit the new signal.
7. In QFrontend class, add the slot that match with the signal and connect both.
   In the slot function body you'll want to popup a dialog to see data reply from OLT.
   Just copy and paste code from other slot funcion and change whatever is necessary.
8. Add in QFrontend header file a new value in CommandIndex enumerator.
9. Add in QFrontend constructor function a new item in Command combo box
   This item must contain the names of all widget object names that will be used to gather
   values to send to OLT.
   Maybe, you'll need to add new widgets with dialog editor. Beware about the object name
   because it's used to enable/disable up to command combo box index selected.
10.Add in QFrontend on_sendCMD_clicked the new CommandIndex enumerator value case where
   you must invoque the OLTCommand function created that sends data to OLT.
11.Compile and RUN the program.
   Connect to OLT.
   You shall be able to chose the new item in combo vox and send it.
   If everything has been done fine, the dialog will show with the OLT command reply.
12.Select all reply text in the dialog box and copy it (Ctrl+C)
13.Create a new text file with the name <Label><n>.txt Where...
   Label: Is the label used in QOLTCommands functions to send/receive command/reply.
   n: Is a number, starting with 0 of the offline response to debug code.
   Meaning. When in debug mode, you send a command to the OLT but not connected, the
   program will look for this kind of files and will create false OLT replies.
   You can create as many false OLT Replies like that. All will be used on after other
   until a file is not found. So, ihis must be consecutives. That's, if you'll
   create a "ONTMACInfo0.txt" and "ONTMACInfo2.txt", the second never will be
   used because the "ONTMACInfo1.txt" doesn't exists and breaks the loop.
14.Now, its turn to parse rawData at class constructor and add toStringInfoData
   function.
